D Tel
I have a message for you.
Tom ut verschiedenen님,
is there a shoulder padыхiyochkoapraks?
I've been smiling for a long time.
He had a bad face, but he was fine.
Yes, he was fine.
He was a very bad person.
He had a shivering in his head.
He had a cramp in his foot.
He was a strange person.
He was sick.
He had a red cut in his nose.
He was a strange man.
He was a doctor who worked.
He was a doctor who was addicted to medicine.
I doubt if the doctor was who he was Refunnid.
As the doctor said, he was disturbed by my work.
He bowls mischief of Subscribe to a daily basis much too easily.
He cannot know why he needs much
care about것.
I went to the old town of Karago-no-machi with Kinjaku.
I told him not to call me doctor.
I said I would take care of you.
He said, I'm Yoko Matsu.
I'm very good at making up stories.
I'm going to live and make up stories.
He said, what's your name?
I said my name is Akakabe Shouan.
I said, your doctor is interesting.
I said, I'm going to your house.
He said, no, I'm going to your house.
They all said that.
But I told him,
if you enter someone's house, you have to take off your coat.
You don't know that it's not good manners.
Why do you take off your coat?
You don't follow people and sit properly.
You leave your coat on.
Why do you take it off? It's not good manners.
If you take off your coat, it's not good manners.
Why? I'm naked.
Don't do stupid things.
You're naked and you're wearing a coat.
You're a doctor and you're not going to judge me.
You take off your coat and take it off.
If you wear a coat, you just have to press the button.
If you take off your coat and take it off,
you don't have to do stupid things.
There's a yukata there, but there's a tsuttsut.
You can't see it.
Then you take off your coat and you're cool.
Then you enter the house and look around and you'll be back.
Anyway, I'm going to go.
Oh, this is it.
The geisha is changing.
What? The geisha is changing.
Oh, geisha.
Well, it's okay.
The geisha is changing.
You're not changing.
Your geisha is not changing.
What's wrong with my geisha?
I'm naked, so I can't change.
You're a strange person.
Hey, can you close the door?
No, I'll close it.
You're stupid.
You're a doctor who turns around when you're in a hurry.
You're a doctor, but you're not going to judge me.
You don't know what to do.
She was a union member for the UBL, but she's running no matter what.
Theutec.
Exactly the right person to move in with the Earth government.
Then...
You shouldn't mix with human and contribution.
G shades, you really shouldn't mix with human and contribution.
...
I have something to say...
Itsa…?
Something?